---
layout: page
title: AK-47
description: AK-47 Blueprints
permalink: /ak-47
---

# Contact

If you would wish to contact me, please can send an email to:

`itsnatoriousb[at]gmail[dot]com`

This email is soley for my websites and is actively monitored.

# Submitting Content

Call of Duty "New Game Materials" (Content) can be submitted by anyone to the site Maps/Mods can be submitted to the Steam Workshop. This site is purely for content mappers/modders can use within their projects. Content can be submitted by sending an email to the address above or via Discord. 

Currently only content for the following Call of Duty games:

* Call of Duty: Modern Warfare (2019)

We may open more pages for different Call of Duty titles depending on demand.

Your content submission should contain the following:


* A well designed, static thumbnail. Gifs are not accepted. Please refer to other content on the site for inspiration. Generic screenshots in-game are not accepted. For resolution, 1920x1080 works best.
* Full instructions, preferably in a README.md file that can be opened in a markdown viewer, clearly layed out, and easy to follow. Assume the people who will follow them have never opened the Call of Duty Mod Tools before. Please refer to other content on the site for inspiration.
* Your desired profile picture, author name, and Twitter, Github, and PayPal (for donations) links if applicable.
* Link/s to the content packages, preferably in zip/rar/7zip format. If the content is bigger than your host of choice accepts (for example, Mega.nz only allows 5GB for users to download every few hours), you may submit multiple links if necessary.

We also expect content to follow a set of rules:

* Proper credit must be given to all those involved, including those who have worked on/developed tools used to rip the content, and to game publishers/developers.
* Content must be for the PC versions of Call of Duty, as PC is the only platform with an official SDK from Activision.
* Properly set up content, ready for use in Call of Duty Mod Tools, it should be as simple as drag and dropping with the general set up for any asset pack. Literal Asset Dumps are not accepted. Content directly from tools with little effort put into setting them up are not accepted.
* Ensure that you have permission to use the content. We generally stick to Gamebanana's [Porting Whitelist](https://gamebanana.com/wikis/755), We accept any ports from those in the Confirmed and Grey area, but keep in mind these companies reserve the right to take down content at any time for any reason that they own.
* If the content is ported from other games, you must not use their content in a way that harms the companies/entities in question in any possible way.
* Content must not contain any extreme content, including, but not limited to, pornography.
* Content must be 100% non-commerical and free to download. We do not accept content locked behind a paywall, this is against Activision's TOS. This includes but is not limited to, Patreon, PayPal (not including donations as this is not directly charging for the content), etc.

All content submitted is briefly checked for compliance, and may be further checked to ensure it works. We reserve the right to reject and/or remove content for any reason. We will try to give an exact reason as to why we rejected/removed content to the original submitter.

You agree that by submitting content that it will be displayed and may be posted to other sites owned by me or partner sites.

# Reporting/Removing Content

If you would like to remove your submitted content for any reason, you can contact me via the email above or on Discord. If you no longer have access to the email used to submit the content, some proof will be required when requesting removal.

If you would like to report content, you can contact me via the same channels. Please explain explicitly why you are reporting the content. In most cases we will contact the original submitter when content is reported, and give them a chance to rectify the issue/s.

If you are a copyright holder who would like to request content removal, my email is the fastest method of contact, , and I will try to respond to formal takedown requests as quickly as possible. Note that we do not host content, but simply link to them, and so you may need to issue take downs on the download links as well.

**Majority of content on the site is user submitted with an approval process to ensure thumbnail and instruction compliance. We cannot verify each package, but will attempt to resolve issues as quickly as possible. All content on the site is for use in the Call of Duty Mod Tools, distributed as "New Game Materials" under Activision's TOS, and is 100% Non-Commercial. We do not run ads or request donations for site. No profit is made off this website by us.**
